handson-m00-prerequisites.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---
# Hands-On Exercise 0: Setting up the Prerequisites 

1. If you don't have a **GitHub** account already, please set one up (used starting in **exercise 2**)
   - Go to <https://github.com>
   - Click the "Sign Up" button
   - Complete the signup form
   - Verify your account, as requested
   - On the "Welcome to GitHub" page, scroll to the bottom and click on "Complete Setup"
   - Complete the email verification process
   - Login to GitHub with your new account

2. If you don't have a **Travis-CI** account already, please set one up (used starting in **exercise 8**)
   - Go to <https://travis-ci.com>
   - Click the "Sign Up" button
   - Choose "Sign up with GitHub"
   - On the  "Authorize Travis CI" page, click to "Authorize travis-pro"
   - Dismiss the popup that welcomes you to Travis CI

3. If you don't have a **Codecov.io** account already, please set one up (used starting in **exercise 8**)
   - Go to <https://codecov.io/>
   - Click the "Sign Up" button
   - Choose "Sign up with GitHub"
   - On the  "Authorize Codecov" page, click to "Authorize codecov"  

4. You'll need (access to) a basic development environment, supporting editing, compiling, and executing simple C language code, and a git installation.
   - This may be available on your local system (especially Mac or Linux)
   - A remote development environment that you can access via ssh will also work fine.

Commit message:

More progress on exercises for module 7

handson-m00-prerequisites.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---
# Hands-On Exercise 0: Setting up the Prerequisites 

1. If you don't have a **GitHub** account already, please set one up (used starting in **exercise 2**)
   - Go to <https://github.com>
   - Click the "Sign Up" button
   - Complete the signup form
   - Verify your account, as requested
   - On the "Welcome to GitHub" page, scroll to the bottom and click on "Complete Setup"
   - Complete the email verification process
   - Login to GitHub with your new account

2. If you don't have a **Travis-CI** account already, please set one up (used starting in **exercise 8**)
   - Go to <https://travis-ci.com>
   - Click the "Sign Up" button
   - Choose "Sign up with GitHub"
   - On the  "Authorize Travis CI" page, click to "Authorize travis-pro"
   - Dismiss the popup that welcomes you to Travis CI

3. If you don't have a **Codecov.io** account already, please set one up (used starting in **exercise 8**)
   - Go to <https://codecov.io/>
   - Click the "Sign Up" button
   - Choose "Sign up with GitHub"
   - On the  "Authorize Codecov" page, click to "Authorize codecov"  

4. You'll need (access to) a basic development environment, supporting editing, compiling, and executing simple C++ language code, and a git installation.
   - This may be available on your local system (especially Mac or Linux)
   - A remote development environment that you can access via ssh will also work fine.
   - The code you'll work with is very C-like, and the exercises don't require extensive knowledge of the language (i.e., Fortran programmers should not have much trouble).
